okay welcome everybody this is the Muto
EC 500 series vinyl cutter and I'm just
going to give you a demo is this for
sale on trade me turn it off
okay it's Peter roll violent on this
thing okay
please remember that you can do a wider
role vinyl and I which is 600 and that
I'm just running 300 into it at the
moment so we'll get this paid or skewed
up which it does automatically
okay let's run a key sponsor
they're counting down
cut it off and I will show you their
beer with me here because if you're in a
commercial environment you wouldn't be
as rough as you can see it there's a
nice cut on one
okay so then you just put your masking
tape over it peel it off and stick it
onto your application thanks for
watching the video